Janettelynch 2021 78 Release  Notes (#339)
JupiterOne/docs: release-notes/2021-78.md

# JupiterOne 2021.78 Release

August 24, 2021

## New Features and Improvements

- Improved the query policy editor for user group permissions to show that data from ANY permission filter will return results for users within the group.
- Updated the Account Usage graph to remove "Relationship Count" from the legend.

> ## Bug Fixes

Reviewer: I moved this up b/c these are bug fixes to the platform itself, while there are bug fixes for each integration type in the integrations section below.

# JupiterOne 2021.78 Release

August 24, 2021

## New Features and Improvements

> - New Parameter feature supports the ability to define parameterized values such as secrets via API. These parameters can then be refenced in queries 
>   and questions within J1QL. Learn more [here] (https://github.com/JupiterOne/docs/blob/main/docs/parameters.md#jupiterone-parameter-service). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New Parameter feature supports the ability to define parameterized values or secrets via API. These parameters can then be referenced in queries 
  and questions within J1QL. Secrets can also be referenced in alert rules (e.g. for Webhook authentication). 
  
  Learn more [here](https://github.com/JupiterOne/docs/blob/main/docs/parameters.md#jupiterone-parameter-service). 
```
